Update tubemq_user_guide.md (#61)
Tencent/TubeMQ: docs/tubemq_user_guide.md

```

You also need to update your `/etc/hosts` file on the master servers. Add other master
server IPs in this way, assume the ip is `192.168.1.2`:
##### /etc/hosts
```
192.168.1.2 192-168-1-2
```

## High Availability

In above example, we run the services on a single node. However, in the real production environment, you may

> need to run multiple master services on different servers for high availability purpose. Here's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
need to run multiple master services on different servers to enable high availability. Here's
```
